Hey, good morning family! Praise the Lord. It's day 58. I know we missed yesterday, but some things came up, so we're here today.
I just want to thank you all for joining us. Diana has a word from the Lord that I know is from the Lord. It's correction, but it's also beautiful.
I love correction from the Lord because that's what makes us grow, and that's how we go from glory to glory.
It's the Refiner's Fire that makes us stronger and causes us to be able to burn out all the junk, helping us to get deeper into those deeper wells, that deeper revelation of Him.
I encourage you all to listen to what the Lord is saying here because it really is needed.
I want her to get right to it and start reading what the Lord said. I believe it will bless you, and we'll talk about it after.
So, I was just going through my day and thinking about that saying that popped into my mind: 'Do what you need to do so that you can do what you want to do.'I was pondering that and thinking, 'Wow, Lord, I need You.'You are also something I look forward to—my time with You.
The first thing when I get up in the morning, I love spending time with Him, but as I'm going through my day, I'm looking forward to that as well.
I was thinking, 'Wow God, I need You; You're on both sides of that.'During my prayer time later that evening, He started talking to me about that for the Body, or just in general.
He said, 'The saying, "Do what you need to do so that you can do what you want to do"—I need to be on both sides of that.
Fellowship with Me is something you need to do and should want to do.'Most people put Me on the want side or the need side, but rarely ever both.
A heart that is right before Me will see Me as fitting in both categories, for I will not be neglected.
If one fellowships with Me out of necessity so they can go watch a movie and live the rest of their day void of Me, they are missing it completely.
It's like a time clock—clocking in and clocking out like for work or whatever.
They will never see full manifestation of what they believe they have.
Communion with Me, if they view relationship with Me as something they want to do, there will be many days where they will have so much they need to do.
The enemy will keep them so busy that they will fall into bed and say a half prayer: 'I'm sorry Lord, I didn't have time for You today.'That is unacceptable.
This is largely what happens in My Body. Give Me all, or you might as well be giving Me nothing, for I will not take your scraps.
I am not the almighty God who waits for your leftovers. This is repulsive in My sight. This is not fellowship; this is duty.
So if you want a God that does what is strictly necessary in your life, keep performing your duties.
I love that—this is not fellowship, this is a duty. He's wanting fellowship.
If you feel like you're put out because you have to talk to God today or have your relationship with the Lord, that's not fellowship.
The way He said that, I went, 'Oh.'I agree. If you want a God that does what is strictly necessary in your life, keep performing your duties as I will Mine.
But if you want a life full of fellowship with Me, give Me your all. Give Me your everything.
Let Me invade every part of your day, every part of your thoughts, every part of your being.
They give Me the bare minimum but expect Me to give them the full maximum.
They give Me so little but expect My hand to be open to them limitlessly.
They make demands of Me that they have no business demanding and should be ashamed to ask of Me.
For if they weren't here with Me on their good days, why should I be there for them on their bad days?
What about Me? Such a selfish, bratty Body. They will perform their religious duty of putting in their time and dread it all day. 'I will get this out of the way,'they say.
'I will spend three hours with the Lord today,'and they do their duty so they can brag that they did and that they know My Word so well.
Obviously, it didn't sink in. Then when something bad happens, they remind Me of it all the time—all the time they spent with Me.
'Well, I spent three hours with You yesterday, Lord; this shouldn't be happening to me.'They quote all their head knowledge, but it never sunk in.
For if it did, they wouldn't be in this situation to begin with.
Then He told me a story about a couple that gets married and has a child.
It starts off well enough, but soon the wife grows bored and finds the husband dull.
So she divorces him. He has limitless money, so it's not a problem for her. Her plan seems perfect.
They have a child together, so she can have 18 years of child support while she goes out and parties.
Through the years, she continues dropping the child off with Dad for a day or two, and when she comes back, she sticks out her hand and demands, 'I did my duty of letting the child spend the day with you, so give me my money.'It is given to her as she requested, and she leaves.
All seems well until someone breaks into her house one night while she is alone.
She calls screaming, 'Where are you, and why aren't you here protecting me?'You foolish woman.
You got exactly what you wanted, but even you don't know what you want.
How should the ex-husband be expected to know what you want?
Even more, why should he even care what happens to you beyond the care of how it affects his child?
Then you have people who have experiences with Me and use it as leverage against fellow believers.
'I hear God too, you know,'they say. 'He comes and visits me.'You foolish believer.
Don't you know that all should experience fellowship with Me? Don't brag about getting the bare minimum passing grade.
A student doesn't brag to another who got an A-plus: 'Hey, I got a passing grade too, you know.
You're nothing special; we both graduate on the same day.'Such foolishness.
Is it common practice to brag about doing the bare minimum to make one feel special? What tangled webs they weave. Woe to them.
After hearing that a second time, I just thought, 'Wow.'It's correction, and it challenges me because there are times I've done those things—being transparent, where you get into bed tired and say a halfway prayer: 'I'm sorry, Lord, please forgive me.'Walking with Him in intimacy is a sacrifice for your flesh.
Your flesh always thinks of things to do—cleaning the house or yard work.
The devil will always come to distract you from intimacy with the Father.
That's his main agenda: to bring strife and distract you from fellowship.
When you're reading your Bible, you have a million other thoughts of what you should be doing, or when you're praying, you think about dishes in the sink.
But you could be watching TV or flipping through YouTube and never have one of those thoughts because your flesh is being satisfied.
As soon as you start reading your Bible, the devil says, 'Hey, you should be pulling weeds.'It's amazing to me what he does in his tactics.
When the Lord talked about leftovers, it made me sad. His whole desire, the reason He put you here, is to have intimacy with you.
The whole reason His Son died was to get back what Adam and Eve lost in the Garden—the way they walked with Him every day.
He brought His Son's sacrifice so He could dwell on the inside of you.
He doesn't need an Ark of the Covenant or the holy of holies; He dwells inside each of us.
Whenever He says this about the scraps and the story about the 18 years of child support, He's saying He's not a 'child support'God. He wants the marriage and the relationship.
He'll protect you, but if you're just after the money and what gets you barely into the Kingdom, He says, 'You foolish woman, you don't even know what you want.'It's like seeking His hand versus seeking His face.
if you lay on His chest and listen to His breath, He'll tell you the secrets, but it takes time.
It's like a relationship with a spouse—it doesn't happen if you're just strangers.
The more you talk, even if it's a cranky conversation after a bad day at work, you're building a relationship through dialogue.
But if you say, 'I'm going out to the club with my girlfriends; the TV dinner is in the freezer, and where's your wallet?'—that marriage is in trouble.
When she read that about doing what you need to do so you can do what you want to do, I mean, we watch people at church. We are people watchers.
You see them come to church just to punch their time card, saying, 'I got my brownie points,'but they didn't want to be there.
A lot of times you see that with leadership—they're tired, looking at the clock, and it's a religious duty.
But if you just get into the place of relationship, everything changes.
People get upset because they think I pray too long on this channel.
They criticize and email me saying, 'Could you make it just ten minutes?'Do you understand that when you get lost in prayer, it's communion?
It's fellowship. We're not doing this for show. I have other things I could do with my day, like trying to make money, but I'm doing this for Him.
He said, 'Teach My people to get intimate with Me.'Now He's told me to start this channel in South Korea for the Korean people because of what's coming.
I saw communism coming out of North Korea, that devil latching onto South Korea.
I saw that demonic spirit trying to oppress the South Korean people.
The Lord said, 'You must go on in Korea with a YouTube channel and warn My people to pray, to raise up a prayer army in Korea so they would stop this.'We pray for them here because I saw the plan of the enemy, and it's deeper and bigger than people realize.
They're going to try to oppress these people to the point where they can't move around, just like it happens with Kim Jong-un.
The devil has a plan to oppress the Asian people just like he does in China and Vietnam.
South Korea has had a lot more freedom than any of the other Asian nations, and the devil is mad about it.
He's trying to kill, steal, and destroy the South Korean freedom. A lot of you have fallen asleep, just like in America.
Many take for granted the freedom to go to church, to have a Bible study, and the First Amendment rights the Lord blessed us with.
I'm telling you, if the enemy would have won on November 5th, it would have been devastating.
We have averted that for these four years by getting the right men in office, but it will take praying for President Trump like never before.
It's not just about changing a nation; it's about seeking God because He loves you.
I am tired of seeking God only for a need. We need Him and Him alone.
It is intimacy with the Father that brings us whatever we need.
'Seek ye first the kingdom, and all these things will be added unto you'—not seek Him last or middle.
We went out with a couple once, and they said, 'You don't have to talk about spiritual stuff right now; this is our downtime.'But this is us.
This is how we live. People ask if we are like this all the time.
I don't know how to be any other way. This isn't pretend or Hollywood; this is who we are.
Christ in me is the hope of glory. I don't want what the world has.
You get excited about crypto, but I've seen dark days coming.
People are obsessed with money, and it Grieves me because it's such a distraction. It's nice to have extra cash, but it doesn't bring peace.
Look at the richest of the rich in Hollywood; they're killing themselves with drugs and alcohol trying to fill a void.
They buy car after car and diamond after diamond, spending $100,000 on a honeymoon, but they're still empty.
Diana and I made $17,000 a year working at the church after taxes, and we thought we were struggling.
If we had $100,000, we'd feel like royalty. But we were living all we could for Jesus, cleaning toilets and doing clerical work.
I'm not criticizing money, but people are still empty. There's just something about Jesus.
He'll give you treasures and show you hidden things. I desire for you all to come up to a higher place of intimacy.
All this earthly stuff is fixing to burn up; it is literal crap.
You desire for cryptos to go up, and you say you'll fund the Kingdom, but do you do it with the $10 you have now?
If you didn't tithe on $100, you won't do it on $1,000,000. Be real with God.
He told me, 'Brandon, you brought them to the starting line, but a lot of them will not finish.
They don't hear Me on the small things, so they won't hear Me on the big things.'It's a very volatile investment.
The markets are going to crash. A major crash is coming, and if you're not hearing Him, you will lose everything.
You'll cash out too early or too late. The Lord told me to remain silent about specific advice because this requires intimacy.
I lead people to the starting line, but you must have your own intimacy with Him to get the goods by the Spirit.
I won't allow you to feel entitled. I could care less if people turn the channel off; I'm going to sail away into the sunset.
I am fed up with how people treat Him. He's my friend. He has done more for me than you can comprehend.
I have been through hell to get to this point, but He lifted my head in the darkest times.
The Refiner's Fire has been tough, but there's no money that can replace what I have.
I would give every dollar for intimacy with the Holy Spirit.
If XRP went to $100,000 and He said give it all away, I would. It's all going to burn or rust anyway.
What you do in this lifetime, you will reap in the Thousand Years.
Diana and I are sowing for that. We're thankful for our house, our car, and the food we ate.
We're thankful for the iPhone we film on and my son's computer.
One of you subscribers gave us the money for that computer to translate the videos to Korean.
We didn't have it, and the Lord provided because our old computer kept crashing.
One lady drove from Dallas to give us money because the Lord put it on her heart to start a Korean channel.
People want to do their own channels out of greed, but Braden is taking the time to translate these.
I want you to understand intimacy. When it's all said and done, you will stand before Him and give an account.
The main thing looked at in Heaven is: What did you do with love? How did you treat the brethren? God is love.
The seeds you sow in this life are what you reap in the Thousand Years.
It's fun having new stuff, but a new car can get a chip in the windshield in five minutes.
It's materialistic. But your relationship with the Lord, that 'spiritual spa,'is what changes you.
We go to as many Billy Burke meetings as we can. I told my kids that vacation to me is being under the anointing.
I want to be in that atmosphere. A beach can't fulfill that. I heard a preacher say he looks for a church even on vacation.
We should be that way. It shouldn't be, 'Oh, I have to spend time with Him again.'We look forward to it.
Sometimes I feel like I'm pushing to bring a fresh word, but there are glorious times when the atmosphere changes.
We turn the camera off and keep going because we know He's not done yet.
It's in His presence that troubles vanish and hearts are mended.
I feel sorry for those who don't understand it. There is so much more than just a mansion in glory.
I love those old songs about Victory in Jesus and how He sought me and bought me with His redeeming blood.
I get frustrated with the crypto stuff because I want you to come up higher.
He wants to bless you, but He wants relationship and intimacy. Stay in sync and stay in step.
We aren't doing this because we have to; we do it because we want to.
Taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness.
He's not just talking about money; He's talking about the beauty of His presence.
David talked about the glory over and over. We have a new covenant through Jesus's blood.
I saw a video about children in Africa who had intimate relationships with the Lord because they aren't distracted by technology.
They have visions and dreams, which we seldom hear about here authentically.
I want that so much more. Even with the visions we've had, there's more.
I want His anointing to be turned on all the time so that my shadow touches people and they get healed in Walmart.
Can you imagine walking down the pharmacy aisle at Walgreens or CVS, and the glory is so strong that people in wheelchairs get up?
Or walking through a hospital where people are on ventilators, and the glory comes off you and they smell the scent of roses?
They said whenever Kathryn Kuhlman went home to be with the Lord, the whole floor was filled with the scent of roses.
She walked with Him and was intimate. I've thought about that fragrance.
If you walked into critical care units and everyone was healed, they'd ask you to leave because they're losing money!
The Bible says, 'Is there any sick among you?'Back then, that was a question because there shouldn't have been.
Nowadays, we ask, 'Who isn't sick?'But the prayer of faith heals the sick.
Father, I thank You for every person today. Fill our cups, Lord. We want to know You more and have greater intimacy.
I thank You that as Diana and I believe with them, every person has a greater intimacy with the Father.
It's not a chore or a duty; it's a privilege. We break all the baggage of the world off us.
Your yoke is easy and Your burden is light. Give us rest as we sit at Your throne.
Forgive us for being distracted and making You anything less than first priority.
You are the captain of our ship. Search us and know us; burn out the chaff.
Create in us a clean heart. We are perfected by the blood of the Lamb, but we still need refining.
We change from glory to glory. Thank You for Your provisions, our home, and everything You've done.
If we can give good gifts to our kids, how much more does our Heavenly Father give to those who love Him?
I thank You for health. We are healthy in our bodies. Not one cell of cancer, diabetes, heart disease, Alzheimer's, or dementia.
We are healed and whole. I believe you are no longer bound by addiction, pornography, alcoholism, drugs, gambling, or lust.
You are free in the name of Jesus. Submit to God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
As we seek first the Kingdom, all things are added. We will finish long and strong.
We give You glory and honor. We pray for the mothers right now who are believing for children.
We speak over their bodies—nothing missing and nothing broken. Fix the ovaries or whatever is needed so they can conceive.
Thank You that their vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
We speak against stress. We have the mind of Christ and great peace.
We receive it in the name of Jesus. We believe for overflow. We pray for Elon Musk that he gets radically born again.
We call in laborers so that Elon Musk would be filled with the Holy Spirit.
We pray for peace over Europe and an end to the Ukrainian war.
We thank You for peace that passes understanding over Jerusalem and America.
We thank You that this nonsense stops. We are on the final stretch.
It's exciting. I cannot wait to see my King. We're going home soon.
If you're new here, thank you for being here. Please subscribe and click the notification bell.
Comment something nice for my son to read so he doesn't have to deal with the trolls.
He works hard editing these and doing school. Remember to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you. God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.